Alright, in the last video, we created
this tile system that we can pan
the camera around. Now what we're going
to do is you can change
RNG to be like negative one.
Um Oh, I just caught something. That
needs to be RNG, not 12, sorry. And
negative one is an airspace. So negative
one, we're going to see that it's just
blank. Now we can
make the RNG
a special value. So if we say, if the
Y position is greater
than 512, the Y position on the screen,
then what we're going to do
is we're going
to set RNG to be like a
grass tile, like 6.
And then if it's um even
lower than that,um
Then we're going to set it to be a
dirt tile, which is,
looks like 9, uh no
that's 10. That
tile right there. So it's going to
display both of those tiles
in a nice grid pattern at the bottom.
And we can still pan this around, which
is pretty cool.